chore/docs(certification.yml;RELEASING.md: update to use v2.0.0, updae release process (#79)
ansible-collections/partner-certification-checker: RELEASING.md

This repository uses [GitHub Immutable Releases](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/concepts/supply-chain-security/immutable-releases) to protect supply chain integrity.
When a release is published, that release tag cannot be moved or deleted.

> This also practically means that we do not use floating tags (v2, v3, etc.) that always point to the latest minor/patch release since v2.0.0. Tag v1 is kept for backwards compatibility reasons and it's also made immutable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also means that we do not use floating tags (v2, v3, etc.) that always point to the latest minor or patch release since v2.0.0. Tag v1 is kept for backwards compatibility reasons and is also immutable.
```

   git push origin vX.Y.Z
   ```
4. Create a **GitHub Release** from that tag. The release is immutable when published.
5. Update the version reference in the [calling workflow](.github/workflows/certification.yml) to `@vX.Y.Z` and open a PR.

## Post-release actions

> - If there are any breaking changes in a particular release, make sure that notifications to partners to update the workflow version in their repos mention the changes and contain a link to a porting guide (related changelog entry) as explained in the [Changelog](#changelog) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there are any breaking changes in a particular release, notify partners to update the workflow version in their repository, including a description of changes and a link to a porting guide (i.e. the related changelog entry) as explained in the [Changelog](#changelog) section.
```
